Opening Scene
The player Awakes in a painful confusion surrounded by a smoky haze 
(Wind sound)
Player: ugh Oh No!
Player:  Where the @#$% did everyone go?   Sarah!   Lilly!  Player jr?   Somebody!
(He then walks down a distant path to find a clue.   
It was a necklace his wife's grandmother gave to her before she reached her final resting place. 
 A memento she never has more than an arm’s length away her entire life. )

Player:  This is weird!?!  She would never let this leave her side.  
(Frantically pacing he discovers a sign of struggle that leads to the outskirts of a dark and deserted Mind Shaft)
(Knowing this will be more than a typical day at the park, 
The player lets out a huge sigh and makes his way to the nearest shop for equipment)

Player: I better make sure I have a weapon from the shop.  Whoever did this will pay!










The Art of War
Dream Sequence
Father: A great man of war Sun Tzu once said
  “The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.”
Father:   	Just in case you can’t achieve this great feat lets train you on the art of war.  
Father: 		 SET UP!    Strike…………    Strike……….    Move
(Player with a confused expression stares at his father)
Player:   Dad the world has been at peace for many years why would I need to train?
Father:  Focus son.   AGAIN!   ……  Strike…………    Strike……….    Move
(Player stands growing impatient with his father)
Player:   ????????  
Father:  Son we must be prepared for anything and everything.  I hope that you will never have to use this teaching but you must be ready.  I won’t be with you always.
Father:  SET UP!   
(Player sets up to strike the training dummy.)
(Control given to the user to begin tutorial)
 Press (Button to attack) to attack
Use the (Keys to move)   to move   
Father: Strike…………    Strike……….    Move Strike…………    Strike……….    Move
Father:   “Let your plans be dark and impenetrable as night, and when you move, fall like a thunderbolt.”
(Room Darkens) 
Father:  Now that you have learned how to attack, let’s prepare you for any situation!
Father:  Everything done in the dark shall come to the light!  (Torch set on the ground).  
Father:  You can use torches to light a small radius in a dark area.  Make sure you always keep enough     	torches so that you can see your enemy coming.   In order to place a torch down press (button  	for torch).  You can see how many torches you have in the inventory.  
(Torch fades and Enemy Spawns and comes towards the enemy.  )
(Place torch and Kill the enemy)


Before Dungeon 1
Player:  WHERE IS MY FAMILY!!!
Dino Boss:  There there,  your family have proven to be quite useful.  These sacred ruins hold 	secrets to ultimate power.  To unlock this great power my master needs a princess pure 	and innocence, a descendant of a fallen hero, and the hair of a queen to restore the 	great Sword of Truth.  
Player: That is great news!  We are none of that! Hand them over so we can continue our 		vacation!
Dino Boss:  Yes that is great news for my master.  Your father failed to tell you that he is the 		King of (world name).  With his death, you became the King of this lost world.  
Player:  ????????    
Dino Boss:  Enough time wasted! My claws hunger for flesh.  Prepare to meet your demise!

( Battle Begins)
	After Dungeon 1
Dino Boss:  UUUGGGGHH!  This can’t be happening! My death proves nothing.  You cannot stop 	what has been placed in motion.  (Dino Boss Dies)
Lilly:  DAD!!!
Player: LILLY!!  You are finally safe!  
Lilly:  I overheard them talking.  They took player jr to another mind shaft near here.  I can show		you how to get there.   
Player:  Okay sweetie lets go.   After you show me the ways run to our hideout so that you can 	remain safe.  Stay there until I save mommy and player jr.  
(Player is taken to the 2nd mind shaft.)
Player:  Maybe I should visit the store for some additional fire power.  
		

Before Dungeon 2




After Dungeon 2







Before Dungeon 3




After Dungeon 3
